Come on, y'all, it'll be good.
Let me see.
Go out and meet her.
Thank you, Tasia.
Dustin, okay, talk to me.
There's nothing to talk about.
I know this whole move hasn't been easy,
but it's only temporary,
and so we're able to get back on our feet.
It's not just a move.
It's everything.
It's all upside down.
The good thing is,
are not alone.
We have help.
And it's the best kind of help,
because it comes from Jehovah.
And he will never let you down.
But it's up to you to give him a chance.
We're in this together, okay?
Leah, we're so happy that you all are here with us.
Thanks, Mom.
I don't know how long we'll be here,
but we'll try and help out as much as we can.
You stay with us as long as you need you.
Thanks, Dad.
I thought Tasia would be down by now.
She said she had a headache.
I'll go check on her.
Leah, is everything okay?
Oh, yeah.
I don't read things fine.
You're doing a wonderful job, you're now.
Am I ever since Scott left us?
Nothing has been...
Leah, it's not your fault.
Scott left Jehovah.
And now I'm losing my job.
I'm trying so hard to be strong for the kids,
but Dad, inside, I...
Leah, the scriptures are so encouraging and helpful,
in situations like this.
Please read for me Psalm 27, verse 14.
Open Jehovah, be courageous and strong of heart.
Yes, hope and Jehovah.
I don't feel very courageous, Dad.
But you can be, Leah, dear.
The key is in the first sentence of that verse,
hope and Jehovah.
You see, meditating on our hope
enables us to build courage right now.
And with courage like that,
you'll be able to meet any challenge.
You'll see.
Tasia, come taste this for me, please.
Mmm, it smells good.
What taste good?
Maybe I just a little bit more cumin.
Okay.
So, any plans for this weekend?
Well, I'm going to get an early stir on the service,
and then come home and finish my book.
Don't you want to go out with some friends
and have some fun?
Yeah, that'd be nice.
What's the matter?
Well, first, you need friends.
Oh, this must be about my job interview.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
Yes.
I need to talk to you.
Why hasn't the congregation
taken more than interest in Leah and the kids?
It's been two months.
We've invited people over to our home.
Well, this, as you said, it's only been two months.
No, Ben, that's not it.
When I was out in service this morning,
I heard that someone invited the camels over.
They just moved here.
I know I'm being biased,
but I can't think of a sweeter girl than Tasia,
and the fact that she's having a hard time finding friends?
They've all been through so much.
It just hurts.
I expected more.
They've all been through so much.
It just hurts.
I expected more.
Well, you know what I think.
What?
That I'm completely overreacting as a grandmother?
No.
You're a wonderful grandmother,
and you're probably right.
But, although we may feel justified,
we have to remember that the congregation
is made up of imperfect people,
and they're doing the best they can.
I know that.
They're going to have their feeling moments,
but they'll have their shining ones also.
Like when you were sick years ago,
we both needed them,
and they were there for us.
It reminds me of what the Psalmist said.
Jehovah is my light and my salvation,
and notice he said, Jehovah, not people.
True.
Okay.
I'm going to try and leave it in Jehovah's hands.
I do trust Jehovah.
Now, that's my Abbey.
Hey, remember when we used to recount three things every day
that we were thankful for?
Why don't we start doing that again?
Okay.
That sounds like a good idea.
And I can already think of one thing I'm thankful for today.
I miss you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You know, we really appreciate the both of you inviting us over.
It's our pleasure.
We really love having Lee and the kids with us.
Actually, we've been wanting to do this for quite a while,
but we just haven't had the chance until now.
We appreciate it.
Come on.
Thanks again, Grandpa, for a fun service morning.
You haven't even planned for later?
Yeah, meeting some friends later at the movie theater.
Ah, have a good time.
Thanks.
It just looks kind of...
It's nice of you.
Look, I just think maybe we need to leave.
I really think we need to leave.
Hey, it's going on.
That's the tip.
It's just a seed.
Yeah.
Don't just chill.
Hey.
We're trying to watch a movie.
Let's cut the chit chat.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
We're trying to watch a movie.
Let's cut the chit chat.
I'm sorry.
Good morning, sir.
My grandson and I like to share it.
The job is right.
I'm going to save you some trouble.
I'm a professor, and I've read some of your books,
but the science in them is really out of date.
Why do you people insist on writing about things you don't understand?
It is true, sir, that over time,
scientific research can become out of date.
But you know, there's a book that is never out of date.
The Bible.
Dustin, would you please read Isaiah chapter 40 verse 22 for the gentleman?
There is one who dwells above the circle of the earth,
and his inhabitants are like grasshoppers.
He is stretching out the heavens like a fine dog.
Wow.
That ended so much better than I expected.
He was so intimidating.
It's normal to feel that way, Dustin.
I've even had those feelings.
Even the apostles have had their moments.
I'd like to show you something.
It's an Acts chapter 4.
Would you find that a read?
Acts chapter 4 verse 29.
Let's see what the apostles prayed for.
And now in Jehovah,
give attention to their threats
and grant to your slaves to keep speaking your word with all boldness.
You see the point, Dustin?
Jehovah helped the apostles,
and he's going to help us.
So we never, ever have to feel ashamed of the truth.
I'm out of here.
Dustin, I'm not going back, Jamie.
Yeah, I know.
Me neither.
My mom's going to come pick me up.
You want to write it?
Yeah, sure.
All right.
Mom, dinner was very good.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You know, it really is good to see you all.
Five years is a long time.
It is.
When dad told me you were coming,
I couldn't wait to see you.
I have gifts.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
What?
This is the latest model.
Thanks, Uncle Jackson.
You're welcome.
Wow, this is very professional.
Professional.
I want you to come work for me.
I don't know what to say.
I just want to help.
So let me.
A century level.
What with benefits and bonuses?
What are the hours?
Anything like yours?
Not as intense.
A full-time, weekends, evenings, too.
But you'll be able to save money.
Buy a home.
Got a job for you, too.
You can even buy a car.
And anytime you want to come to the agency,
it's open.
We'll make it a family business.
And this is work.
Excuse me.
You two help me with the dishes?
I could use the job, Dad.
It wouldn't be so bad to work the extra hours.
I can't make that decision for you.
Your brother loves you very much.
And he genuinely wants to help.
But as you know, he never made the truth his own.
So you've got to figure out if his offer is worth the cost.
Remember, extra hours means extra association.
And Proverbs chapter 13 verse 20 says,
The one walking with the wise will become wise.
Jackson, I want to thank you for offering to give me a job.
You got it.
I'll set up an interview.
But I have to turn it down.
Dad talked to you.
Didn't he?
This isn't coming from Dad.
It's coming from me.
I just can't sacrifice spiritual things for material ones.
I hope you can understand.
Jackson, I love you.
We all do.
And we want to see you come back and visit us.
But please, for my sake,
don't promote different goals for the kids when you come.
I'm trying hard to help them set spiritual priorities.
Okay?
All right.
It's been a while, but come on.
Give me a hug.
You know I'm keeping the bag, right?
Okay.
Rightness because of my foes.
Good morning.
You're not hand me over to my address.
It's my address.
Yeah, they called an ask if I could do a double shift today.
I see.
Grandpa, I'm sorry you had to give up your office space for me.
Don't be, Tasia.
Besides, this suits me better.
For me, being outside makes personal study more enjoyable.
Well, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, and I'll see you later.
Thanks. We'll see you when you get back.
Okay.
Okay, I found you.
Oh, hey.
Yeah, I decided to take my breakout site.
Okay, cool.
But when you get back, Denise was looking for you.
Okay, thanks.
I'm making this dressing, but I just missed something.
Can you try it?
Yeah, of course.
It's a little bit more lemon.
More lemon.
Yeah.
Can you have beef?
Hey, can I borrow some of your hot pepper please?
Yeah, sure.
Come here now.
The salad?
Yep.
Hey, are you going to come with us?
I'll think, Denise, but no, I don't think so.
Come on.
I'll say no again.
I'm sorry.
I have other plans.
Oh, you have other plans, huh?
Oh, I get it.
You have a secret boyfriend.
Or a girlfriend?
Wait, what?
Come on.
Whatever you're into, it's all right with us.
Just let us in on it.
What's the deal?
Whatever you're into, it's all right with us.
Just let us in on it.
What's the deal?
Moses must have felt inadequate and incapable.
But God has shared him that he would not be alone.
I will prove to be with you, said Jehovah.
Look, I don't have a boyfriend or girlfriend.
I have a Bible study.
I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And we volunteer a time to help people learn about the Bible.
The Bible?
Oh, come on.
That book is ancient.
It closes your mind into new ideas.
Actually, it doesn't.
It gives people a wonderful hope for the future.
Well, I believe we make our own future.
I'm sorry you don't feel the same.
Come on.
Let's go.
So, we told him I was one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I'm just glad they know now.
We're so proud of you for standing up like that.
Yeah, I surprised myself.
I just wish it ended a little bit better.
No matter the response, you made Jehovah happy today.
Thanks, Grandpa.
Hey.
The other day, you said something about that you do Bible studies.
And it reminded me of something my mom and I used to do together before she died.
She would read the Bible to me before bed.
So, I was wondering if you would show me what you show other people.
Of course, I'm really sorry to hear that about your mom.
Did you know that the Bible actually gives us the hope for a resurrection?
Next, we have Brother Ben Matthews with us.
Brother Matthews, you've been able to raise a family, serve as an elder and pioneer for many years.
What a good example of faith and courage.
Thank you, Brother Nicoletti.
But truthfully, courage isn't something that comes easy to me.
I have to keep working on it.
Why is that?
Well, I remember years ago when my wife Abby became very ill.
She was in the hospital for months while I cared for our newborn son and young daughter.
I didn't know if she would ever recover.
I prayed and prayed and it appeared as if nothing changed.
I could feel my faith beginning to crack and give way to doubt.
I even started doubting Jehovah's promises for the future.
So, what changed that?
A friend stepped in at the right time.
He encouraged me when I was home alone to read David's words at Psalm 27.
At first, I didn't want to.
But eventually, I did.
And something about those words touched my heart.
You see, like a plant deprived of water, I was starving my faith.
So, I kept reading and meditating on those words in Psalm 27.
And eventually, my doubts began to melt away.
But as you mentioned, Brother Matthews, that was decades ago.
You said courage is something that you're continuing to work on.
Well, for much of my life, I've had to help other people be courageous.
But recently, I found out that soon, I will go blind.
Between this and not being able to do as much in the congregation as I used to,
well, I could feel those doubts creeping up again.
I think it's easier to help others be courageous.
You'll be able to meet any challenge.
Jehovah is my light and my salvation.
Jehovah helped the apostles, and he's going to help us.
No matter the response, you made Jehovah happy today.
It's harder to be courageous for yourself.
We empathize with you, Brother Matthews.
Can you tell us what you're doing right now to build courage?
Absolutely.
Here's my prescription.
Regular prayer and study.
Application of the Bible's guidance.
Attending as many meetings as I can.
And, of course, preaching to others about our hope.
That's a very good prescription.
There's a particular scripture that has meaning for you right now.
Right now, it's Hebrews chapter 11, verse 6.
It says, moreover, without faith, it is impossible to please God well
for whoever approaches God must believe that He is
and that He becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking Him.
So, even if I lose my eyesight, Brother Nicoletti,
I will continue to seek Jehovah with my family and my eyes of faith.
Thank you, Brother Matthews, for being such a good example of courage.